[TASK] Unify top-level domain of dummy urls (#1600)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/Security/GuidelinesIntegrators/InstallTool.rst

password protection, which is independent of all backend user
passwords.

> The Install Tool can found as a stand alone application via :samp:`https://<domain.tld>/typo3/install.php`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Install Tool can found as a stand alone application via :samp:`https://example.org/typo3/install.php`.
```
